# [v7.6.0](https://github.com/aerospike/aerolab/releases/tag/7.6.0)

_Release Date: Month Day, Year_

**Release Notes:**
* FIX: The commands `cluster list -i` and `client list -i` would sometimes print nodes in duplicates; this fixes the duplicate issue.
* FIX: Patch `systemd-resolved` by default to use `1.1.1.1` and `8.8.8.8` DNS servers in cloud backends.
* FIX: AMS client creation - reset terminal settings on successful completion prior to printing `done` messages.
* FIX: AGI auto-inactivity-shutdown procedure on `amd64` instances.
* FIX: AGI when using `NoConfigOverride` with volumes, ensure the `ingest.yaml` also doesn't get overwritten.
* FIX: Ubuntu in AWS/GCP: Disable unattended upgrades as they interfere with all automated processes.
* FIX: Multiple small WebUI fixes.
* FIX: AGI: handle files smaller than 4KiB.
* Add support for ubuntu 24.04 (default with aerospike 7.2).
* Allow up to 24 char-long cluster and client names, from previous limit of 20, to support shortuuid.
* AGI: Add new graphs and metrics.
* AGI: Add experimental feature `SingularSeriesExtend` in grafana plugin - if a series has only 1 datapoint, add predefined points one second before and after to force grafana to draw a line - so it's always visible at large zoom-out level.
  * This feature is enabled by default; it can be disabled by selecting "DISABLE" in the drop-down filters on the dashboards.
* AGI: If timestamp is missing year, assume current year.
* AGI: AWS: Create: Add option for creating AWS `route53` sub-domain entries automatically for each instance.
  * Expiry system - cleanup unused DNS entries (late cleanup).
  * AGI Create command - create DNS entries as part of AGI creation, set tags to domain name and zoneid, update expiry system zoneid if required.
  * Inventory List and web inventory - provide domain name as URL instead of IP if domain tag is set.
  * AGI Access Token with `--url` option - set url to domain name if used.
  * AWS backend destroy call - attempt to cleanup the domain used in AGI, if one is set.
  * Expiry system installer - support route53, support updating route53 zone name Env variable, support sticky route53 zoneID if not specified.
* AGI Monitor: restrict TLS mode to strong cyphers.
* AGI: Trim whitespace and tabs from S3 path.
* AGI: Add support for non-aerospike-server logs.
* AGI: Add patterns and dashboard for XDR Proxy and Kafka Outbound connectors.
* AGI: GrafanaFix: Remove potential race condition on startup on docker.
* AGI: If `ClusterName` is `~auto~`, then generate a cluster name - useful for hosted AGI WebUI.
* AGI: Prior to starting AGI on S3 source, test if the s3 source is accessible and the path exists.
* AGI: Allow an option to specify an endpoint for S3 downloads - to allow for example FIPS endpoints.
* AGI: Monitor: if instance is being rotated due to sizing of capacity, set a tag so that inventory can indicate said status.
* AGI: If starting a spot instance fails, give an option to fallback to on-demand.
* AWS,GCP: support new format parameters `--aws-disk` and `--gcp-disk` allowing ssh-style option specification.
  * Support for all disk types, with and without provisioned Iops and Throughput.
* AWS,GCP: Cluster List: backend would list the same cluster multiple times for other services.
* AWS,GCP: Inventory List (json): support providing current ssh key path in output.
* AWS: Allow aerolab to deploy in AWS using private IPs only, with public IPs disabled. Use as `aerolab config backend -t aws --aws-nopublic-ip`.
* AWS: Expiry System: cleanup unused SSH keys.
* AWS: `template vacuum` also vacuum template temporary SSH keys.
* CI: Update all dependencies: brew install actions, rpm package, golang version and Packages.
* Client: Add eks client - eksctl bootstrap system.
* Client: Open ports 8998 and 8182 for Vector and Graph clients.
* Client: Vector: add support for centos-stream-9 base.
* Client: Graph: fix process for installing docker on centos9.
* Client: VSCode update golang version.
* Core: Add ability to specify custom aerolab path using `export AEROLAB_HOME=/path/to/new/aerolab/dir`.
* Distros: error on `centos:stream8` as it is EOL. Support `Rocky Linux` for versions `8,9` as replacement.
* EksCtl: Start tmux session on login.
* GH 340: Stop/Start/Destroy did not differenciate between AGI and Cluster for resolution purposes.
* GCP: support hyperdisks and `n4` family instances.
* GCP: add option to specify minimum CPU platform during cluster and client creation.
* GCP: expiry system updated to use `go122` runtime.
* GCP: support using a single static key for all clusters and clients (must be located in `${AEROLAB_HOME}/sshkey(.pub)`; if it exists, will automatically be used).
* Inventory List: expose gcp/aws/docker tags/labels and metadata in json output.
* Partitioner: when configuring index on device, parse partition tree sprig configs and fix if required.
* Upgrade: added `aerolab upgrade --bugfix` - will upgrade to latest fix version, not bleeding edge version.
* Upgrade: improved `aerolab upgrade --edge` - always install latest pre-release if multiple are available.
* Upgrade: allow `--force` mode which will override aerolab, even if the installed version is newer or the same.
* WebUI: Add asbench ui for asbench command generation.
* WebUI: always show current backend in the top.
* WebUI: Make `instance-type` and `zone` listings in `cluster/client create` commands a dropdown instead of freeform field.
* WebUI: Multi-user aerolab webui support.
  * Top-right job list: add "show all user jobs" switch, add username/email info of user to each job
  * Add support for special owner/user header which can be set which will define the user running the command/session itself (so can be used with authenticating proxy) - `x-auth-aerolab-user`.
  * Change `weblog` path to `./weblog/user-owner/items.log`.
* WebUI: Non-AGI firewalls (cluster/client/template) should use per-user firewall names by default to avoid conflicts if `--unique-firewalls` is specified when starting WebUI.
* WebUI: For inventory on all AGI and AGI-monitor components, require valid certificates if `--agi-strict-tls` is specified.
* WebUI: Passwords in `CommandLine show` and history should be obfuscated with '****'.
* WebUI: `CommandLine show` - add switch to show everything including user-defined defaults.
* WebUI: If `webCmd.allowls` returns `false`, add option for performing file uploads to server temporary directory from the browser for hosted experience.
* WebUI: Disable `completion` command in WebUI.
* WebUI: If `webCmd.allowls` returns `false`, `logs get` will stream the downloaded logs via a `zip` compressor directory to the user's browser for download.
* WebUI: If `webCmd.allowls` returns `false`, `files download` will error as feature unsupported and advise the user to use `logs get` instead.
* WebUI: Implement `simple` mode in which the number of items/options/features is reduced, hiding the more obscure settings.
  * Provide an option for configuring simple mode using a flat file.
  * Provide an option in the config file to hide certain inventory tabs from showing in simple mode.
* WebUI: `upgrade` command will wait until job queue is empty before continuing the upgrade.
* WebUI: Graceful exit: when SIGTERM or SIGINT is received by the main loop, it will send a SIGINT to the webserver subprocess. This will in turn wait for all queued jobs to finish before exiting.
  * If immediate exit is required, send SIGTERM to the child process (the one running with `--real` parameter), or cancel all queued and running jobs from the web interface.
* WebUI: Add option to change page titles.