# [v7.8.0](https://github.com/aerospike/aerolab/releases/tag/7.8.0)

_Release Date: MONTH DAYst, 2025_

**Release Notes:**
* Allow `--nodes` selector in `aerolab aerospike is-stable` command.
* LogIngest: Fix small bug in log ingest relating to special log types.
* Partitioner: Use `UUID` for partitions instead of partition numbers to ensure mappings don't change.
* Command `xdr connect` will now accept a custom destination port.
* Command `aerospike upgrade` will now accept a custom `asd` binary, optionally packaged in `.deb`, `.rpm` or `.tgz` formats, where the `.tgz` must match the current installation packaging.
* If `--external-ip` or `--public-ip` is specified in `cluster create`, the deployed script will also populate `tls-access-address` and `tls-alternate-access-address` to also cover TLS scenarios.
* AGI: Add `long-queries` stat to AGI.
* AGI: Update `ttyd` to version `1.7.7` and provide larger `scrollback` in terminal.
* AGI: Update `filebrowser` to version `2.32.0`.
* AGI: Update `grafana` version to `11.2.6`.
* AGI: The `aerolab agi create` and `aerolab agi run-ingest` commands now support specifying `--source-cluster` to quickly AGI an existing AeroLab cluster.
* AGI: Add aerospike `v8` patterns for graphing `MRTs`.
* AGI: Add hidden option `--send-cluster-info` to ship basic cluster information on discovery to a 3rd-party destination.
* AGI: Improve mount speed by implementing systemd DNS cache flush using the new `resolvectl` command.
* Fix `arm64` support in `client vscode`.
* Add custom config file path option to `cluster partition conf`.
* Fix: `data insert` and `data delete` commands will now use a `json` upload for command upload so that it will work through the webui.
