# [v8.0.0](https://github.com/aerospike/aerolab/releases/tag/8.0.0)

_Release Date: LongMonth Day, Year_

**Release Notes:**
* Complete rewrite of the backend code for `Docker`, `AWS` and `GCP`, using all API calls, no shell commands or external tool dependencies, and latest SDKs.
* Complete refactor of the CLI code, using new backend code and separating logic and functional code into it's own libraries.
* Minimal changes to the existing CLI, keeping as much compatibility with v7 as possible.
* CLI: Add `inventory migrate` command to migrate inventory to the new AeroLab format and port SSH keys to the new AeroLab directory.
* CLI: Add `config migrate` command to migrate config to the new AeroLab directory.
* CLI: Add basic Aerospike Cloud support.
* Add `amazonlinux:2023` support in Docker backend.
* Add low-level CLI commands `aerolab instances` and `aerolab images` to manage instances and images.
* Remove obsolete Vector client integrations.
* Backend: ALL: The tags have changed names and format from AeroLab 7 to AeroLab 8.
* Performance: Parallelize everything possible to improve performance.
* Performance: Add option to cache inventory on local disk, massively improving performance and reducing API calls.
  * Added fallback command `aerolab inventory refresh-disk-cache` to force-refresh the whole disk cache (disk cache attempts to refresh changes automatically).
* Performance: Reduce number of API calls to the backends to the bare required minimum to improve performance of all commands.
* Performance, stability and security: Do NOT shell out to external tools for backend interaction, use the SDKs directly.
* Expiry system: Complete rewrite, using the new backend code, improving speed and stability.
* Logging: Improve logging, adding log levels and more detailed logging for troubleshooting.
* Docker: Use a systemd-compatible init system (`docker-systemd`) in order to unify experience across Docker, AWS and GCP backends.
  * This means that the docker containers now have ssh running inside them, and support `systemctl` commands to manage services.
* Aerolab binaries will be much smaller as they no longer embed linux-versions of themselves. Rather, if required, these are downloaded on demand.
* Added handling of certain environment variables documented in `docs/reference/environment-variables.md`.
* Moved default AeroLab directory from `~/.aerolab` to `~/.config/aerolab`.
* Added `aerolab instances update-hosts-file` command to update the `/etc/hosts` file on instances informing them of the other instances in the project.
  * Linked to `aerolab cluster update-hosts-file` and `aerolab client update-hosts-file` commands.
* Added support for AeroLab-level projects, set by the `AEROLAB_PROJECT` environment variable. Once set, all resources will be scoped to this project.
* Added `aerolab inventory delete-project-resources` command to delete all resources in the current aerolab project.
* CLI: WARN: Some paramters have been modified or removed, 100% backwards compatibility is not guaranteed.
* CLI: WARN: Inventory listing format has changed, including flags, output formats, table headers, and json output.
* AGI: AeroLab now supports creating AGI templates, to speed up instance creation and reduce failure points.
